# Latex Meeting Protocol Template

Template to protocol meetings.

## Setup

To setup this template for a protocol you can use the python script `./scripts/setup.py`. This script will ask you for name, subject, a new repository to connect to etc. All parameters are optional. You can run this script directly or with `make init`

## Usage

This template is based on LaTex but the actual protocol is written into the `content.md` with a custom syntax. When finished you can create a corresponding by running `make prebuild` or `<your python command> ./scripts/build.py`. Now you can create a pdf from the LaTex document as usual.

The template works best when working in Visual Studio Code with the [Latex Workshop](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop) extension. Alternatively you can use the makefile to create the pdf (`make pdf`).

### Syntax

A meeting protocol consists of several topics `#<topic title>` wich each contains a content- (`DEC:`) and a tasks-block (`TASK:`) (both optional). In those blocks you can write text or create a list with markdown syntax.
Using this syntax a protocol could look something like this:

```md
#First Topic

DEC:
We discussed this issue today and came to the following conclusion:

- your first conclusion
- your second conclusion
  - some further information

TASK:

- First Task - 25.05.2021 - John Doe
  - some information
- Second Task - 23.06.2021 - Jane Doe
```

This would result in the following latex-file:

```latex
\topic{First Topic}

\begin{contents}
We discussed this issue today and came to the following conclusion:

\1 your first conclusion
\1 your second conclusion
\2 some further information

\end{contents}
\begin{tasks}

\1 First Task - 25.05.2021 - John Doe
\2 some information
\1 Second Task - 23.06.2021 - Jane Doe
\end{tasks}
\topicend
```

## Structure

The latex part of the project is all located in the `src` folder. The entry-file in each folder is called `index.tex`. When using Visual Studio Code the pdf will generated into the `build` folder.

### params.tex

This file is generated by the setup script. It contains a set of commands with information given in the setup process. You can always change this information by yourself.

### Config

This folder contains the different configurations for the document.

### Pages

This folder is used for the actual content of the document.

The devicelist folder contains a preset of laboratory equipment wich can be changed and added to the document depending on your needs.
